hello everyone I'm hero and here I am going to
teach in this video how to get 570
coins in phase 37 of pokemon shuffle
this is a common phase of my classroom the
special event and I have to place the
coins in a way that suits us so that
so when in the line of five coins
this is not as easy as it seems because
we have very limited shifts we are going to
get
sybase we have two turns just
now in this shift we make the line of
five ways if we have one more turn
to enable me out if not
enable we do not get the coins
if this is not looking like good over here
let's make this guest
and how are we getting the 570 coins
as we will see now
there we have fifths and mint ways
if we are not add 5 give us less
coins as we will see now
we will make the line of four so that
Let 's say they make it easier us
give less dolls
let's see I'm thinking very well we have
what happens is here
good care we weaken unintentionally
now we take off this slow dota kings
Careful care combos well the
good rope
We combo bing
so as not to weaken them
there we already do the line of four
coins
and there are some of screaming if we believe that
I 'm not the same and this will give us 330
coins that is not bad either
This is the easiest way
get coins in pokemon shuffle
obviously if I was going to do it as of 55
coins better than better but it's nothing
easy to get it I hope that I have
liked this little video and see you
in the next chao